# Normalized Reference Guide

- Asset: reference/396948117-10-Tips-for-Chest-Gains-Jeff-Nippard 2.pdf
- SHA256: e47430dd118633d5bf20ff915e2e0658dac1d515f02763818e08c062be689844
- Type: pdf
- Extraction Method: pdf_pypdf
- Extracted Characters: 6182

## Excerpt

THINGS YOU CAN DO NOW FOR EXPLOSIVE CHEST GAINS BY JEFF NIPPARD 10 | @JEFFNIPPARD ABOUT ME Jeff is a WNBF Pro Drug-Free Bodybuilder and IPF/CPU Powerlifter in the 74 kg class. He earned the title of Mr. Junior Canada for natural bodybuilding in 2012 prior to which Jeff was a two-time Mr. Junior Newfoundland title-holder for 2009 and 2010. As a powerlifter, Jeff has claimed a 502 lb squat, 336 lb bench press (2014 Canadian national record) and a 518 lb deadlift with an all time best Wilks score of 446. With a Bachelor of Science degree in biochemistry, Jeff has gathered the requisite scientific knowledge to compliment his practical experience acquired through training and coaching. Jeff worked as a coach with esteemed online coaching group The Strength Guys through 2014 and 2015 before branching out with STRCNG. Jeff has coached women’s bikini and men’s bodybuilding national and provincial champions, professional natural bodybuilders and nationally and IPF Worlds qualified raw powerlifters. He has presented seminars on block periodization, concurrent training and nutrition for natural bodybuilding in academic settings including the 2014 Online Fitness Summit and at the University of Iowa. Jeff has recorded interviews with some of the best in the business on his science-based fitness podcast IceCream4PRs. Previously, Jeff was enrolled in the Doctor of Dental Surgery program at Dalhousie University where he completed two years of the program before deciding to instead pursue a career where his passions lie. He has aspirations of completing a PhD in exercise science or a related field. Through his informative and personable Youtube channel and Instagram Jeff aims to share the knowledge he has gathered through university education and field experience with others who are passionate about bodybuilding, powerlifting and the science behind building muscle, losing fat and getting healthier. Jeff currently lives in Kelowna, Canada while frequently visiting his girlfriend in T
