# Normalized Reference Guide

- Asset: reference/Copy of The_Pure_Bodybuilding_Program_-_Full_Body.pdf
- SHA256: 82123b0b04d1eeede12404275627e17d2ae9f3fc8eb3470a971629aeebef27c8
- Type: pdf
- Extraction Method: pdf_pypdf
- Extracted Characters: 125675

## Excerpt

P er form a full gener al warm-up and ex er cise-specific warm-up e v er y workout as outlined on the next page (should only tak e 5-10 mins max) Note that for the first 2 weeks of this F ull Body v ersion of the pr ogr am, most sets in this pr ogr am ar e tak en t o an RPE of ~7-8 or ~8-9. This means y ou will be lea ving 1-3 r eps in the tank on most ex er cises. This only lasts for the first two weeks (t o get y ou adapted t o the higher tr aining fr equency). F or these first two weeks, ther e ar e also f ewer intensity techniques used. After the first two weeks, the intensity will incr ease and most sets will be tak en t o an RPE of 9-10. This means y ou will push most sets within ~1 r ep of failur e or t o failur e. Mak e sur e y ou ar e focused mentally befor e star ting each working set! All working sets ar e br ok en up int o Early Sets and Last Sets. The Early Sets ar e all the sets that come befor e y our Last Set. Usually the Early Sets should be a little bit easier than the later sets (slightly lower RPE) wher eas the Last Set is pushed t o failur e on most (but not all ex er cises). See the Pur e Hyper tr ophy Handbook for a full explanation of RPE. Ther e is a W eak P oint & Arms da y in this pr ogr am wher e y ou will select a weak point fr om the table below and per form 1-2 ex er cises for y our weak point on this da y . Please r ead The Hyper tr ophy Handbook for mor e detail. Each ex er cise has a clickable link which demonstr ates how t o per form the ex er cise. I suggest watching each ex er cise demo befor e star ting the workout. All other aspects of the pr ogr am, including how t o understand the Last-Set Intensity T echnique column, when t o mak e an ex er cise substitution and how t o pr ogr ess thr ough the r ep r anges giv en is explained in The Hyper tr ophy Handbook. Giv e it a full r ead befor e star ting y our first workout! Let' s crush it!! IMP O R T A N T PR O G R A M N O T E S R EA D B E F O R E S T A R T IN G P er form the follo
